c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\MVVM.exe.config
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\MVVM.exe
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\MVVM.pdb
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\DADMock1.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\Interfaces.dll
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\DADMock1.pdb
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.g.resources
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.exe
c:\users\diego\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CSharp\wpf\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.pdb
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\MVVM.exe.config
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.exe
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.pdb
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\MVVM.exe
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\MVVM.pdb
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\DADMock1.dll
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\DADMock1.pdb
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.g.resources
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\Validators.dll
C:\Users\student\Downloads\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\Validators.pdb
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\MVVM\MVVM\bin\Debug\MVVM.exe.config
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.exe
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\MVVM\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.pdb
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\joWpf\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\joWpf\MVVM\obj\Debug\WelcomeWindow.baml
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\joWpf\MVVM\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\joWpf\MVVM\obj\Debug\WelcomeWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\joWpf\MVVM\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\joWpf\MVVM\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\joWpf\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\joWpf\MVVM\obj\Debug\MVVM_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Mazi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\siszarpProjects\joWpf\MVVM\bin\Debug\MVVM.exe.config
